Alt and link text edits - Message Building by Channel - Pt. 2 (#3275)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/email_private_relay_apple_SSO.md

Go to your [Apple Certificate](https://help.apple.com/developer-account/?lang=en#/devf822fb8fc) page and whitelist the email address you wish to use for sending via Apple's Email Relay Service (your desired `From` address). 

> ![Image that shows the option to whitelabel individual email addresses on the Apple Certificate page.]({% image_buster /assets/img/email-relay-whitelabel-address.png %})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Option to whitelist individual email addresses on the Apple Certificate page.]({% image_buster /assets/img/email-relay-whitelabel-address.png %})
```

To find the proper address, go to your Sendgrid DNS record and copy the **UID**, **Whitelabel Subdomain**, and **Domain** from the **Host Value** column. 

> ![Image that shows the HOST Value column in Sendgrid DNS records section.]({% image_buster /assets/img/email-relay-dns-records.png %})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![HOST Value column in Sendgrid DNS records section.]({% image_buster /assets/img/email-relay-dns-records.png %})
```
